© 2021 Wiley-VCH GmbH




                    Supporting Information
for Adv. Mater., DOI: 10.1002/adma.202008432

A Meta-Analysis of Conductive and Strong Carbon
Nanotube Materials
John S. Bulmer,* Adarsh Kaniyoor, and James A. Elliott
        Supplemental Section for

A Meta-analysis of Conductive and Strong Carbon Nanotube Materials

                   John Bulmer, Adarsh Kaniyoor, James Elliott

                   Department of Materials Science and Metallurgy, 27 Charles Babbage Road, University of
                   Cambridge, CB3 0FS, UK



Below are various t-tests used to statistically compare properties of two CNT categories.




Supplemental Figure S1. t-test showing on average aligned FWCNTs are stronger than aligned MWCNTs. Note
that a statistically significant difference between these populations persists even after removing the stratified
data point near 10 GPa.



                                                                                                              1|
Supplemental Figure S2. t-test showing, on average, the tensile strength of fibres derived from direct FC-CVD
extraction (DS-CNT) and fibres derived from extrusion of super-acid CNT solutions (SS-CNT) are equal. Here we
only considered the aligned FWCNT subsets. Further, we restricted the SS-CNT subset to those with doping/
acid exposure, the most favourable embodiment of SS-CNTs.




                                                                                                          2|
Here we test the on/ off effect of doping on strength, for several different CNT categories.




Supplemental Figure S3. t-test showing no strength difference from doping on MWCNT materials.




                                                                                                3|
Supplemental Figure S4. t-test showing doped aligned FWCNT materials are stronger than undoped. This is
just from CNT materials extracted directly from FC-CVD (DS-CNT).




                                                                                                          4|
Supplemental Figure S5. t-test showing doped aligned FWCNT materials are stronger than undoped, for wet-
spun fibres (SS-CNT). This is somewhat misleading however in that the super-acid extruded subcategory has
better properties generally than other wet-spinning techniques and is typically in a doped configuration.

Now we compare the thermal conductivity of aligned MWCNT materials against aligned FWCNT materials.




Supplemental Figure S6. t-test showing no major difference in thermal conductivity of aligned MWCNT and
FWCNT materials.



Now we compare the specific strength of wet spun and FC-CVD derived fibres.




                                                                                                          5|
Supplemental Figure S7. t-test showing fibres derived directly from FC-CVD (DS-CNT) are decisively stronger
than wet-spun fibres (SS-CNT) on the basis of weight. Again for the SS-CNT fibres, we only consider those with
acid exposure because it is the most favourable embodiment of SS-CNT methods.




                                                                                                           6|
Here we show the correlation and power law of electrical conductivity and tensile strength against the CNT
diameter (with and without the weighted adjustment) of all four bulk CNT categories grouped together
(unaligned MWCNT, aligned MWCNT, unaligned FWCNT, aligned FWCNT).

Log Electrical Conductivity vs Log CNT diameter

                                                                                                          Adjusted Fitted Adjusted Fitted     Adjusted
                                        Fitted Slope for   Fitted Slope Correlation and     Adjusted      Slope for Power Slope Standard Correlation and Number of
                           Correlation     Power Law      Standard Error Fit Probability   Correlation          Law            Error       Fit Probability data points
All four CNT categories   -0.34        -0.63             0.09            <0.01           -0.39           -0.73            0.08            <0.01           408




Log Tensile Strength vs Log CNT diameter

                                                                                                          Adjusted Fitted Adjusted Fitted     Adjusted
                                        Fitted Slope for   Fitted Slope Correlation and     Adjusted      Slope for Power Slope Standard Correlation and Number of
                           Correlation     Power Law      Standard Error Fit Probability   Correlation          Law            Error       Fit Probability data points
All four CNT categories   -0.21        -0.26             0.07            <0.01           -0.32           -0.46            0.08            <0.01           271


Supplemental Figure S8. Tables quantifying the relationship of physical properties against CNT diameter,
where all four categories have been grouped together.




                                                                                                                                                                   7|
